This is the README file concerning installation of the Ada Generic Library.


                           Introduction

This file describes the source files for the the Ada packages described in
the book

  David R. Musser and Alexander A. Stepanov
  The Ada Generic Library: Linear List Processing Packages
  Compass Series, Springer-Verlag, 1989.

Also included are test suite files and a sample command file for
compiling the packages with the Digital Equipment Corporation VAX Ada
compiler.  Any problems with installing or using the library should be
referred to musser@cs.rpi.edu.

                        Obtaining the Files

The files for the library are available via anonymous FTP from
ftp.cs.rpi.edu.  FTPing the files may have already been performed,
so you may be reading this from a directory on your local fileserver
that contains the files.  If not, log into ftp.cs.rpi.edu with
user name anonymous; when a password is requested use your email
address. The files are in the directory adv-prog/adagenlib, both
individually in uncompressed form and as a compressed Unix sharfile,
sharfile.zip.  Be sure you put the ftp connection in binary mode
(with the binary command) before retrieving sharfile.zip.

        Setting Up Library Directories and Compiling the Files

VAX DCL command procedures are included for compiling the files with
the VAX Ada Compiler.  Instructions for using these command
procedures follow; for other compilers the following instructions and
the VAX command procedures may be used as a guide to preparing
compilation command (e.g., they show a correct compilation order).

To refer to the root directory for the library, we assume that
LIB$DISK is a DCL logical symbol defined to be the device on on which
the library directory resides and DCL symbol LIBROOT is defined as as
the directory path to the library subdirectory, written without the
enclosing square brackets. E.g., if the files reside in
USR$DISK1:[ADAGENLIB], one would use

  $ define LIB$DISK USR$DISK1
  $ LIBROOT := ADAGENLIB

As a first step in compiling the library, one should perform the
appropriate local versions of the above two DCL commands.  Then

  $ set default LIB$DISK:['LIBROOT]

places one in the root directory of the library.  The remaining
step is

  $ @build

which invokes the DCL command file BUILD.COM in ['LIBROOT].  


                        Disk Space Required

The total amount of disk space needed for all the source and compiled
files is about 10100 blocks.  Compiling the files with @build will actually
take about 12200 blocks, because .LIS files are produced by the
ADA/LIST commands.  These may be deleted, or not generated in the
first place if the /LIST option is removed from each ADA command.

                              Errata

See also the ERRATA file for information about corrections to the
documentation in the book.  
